Update agent sig time (#391)
open-telemetry/community: README.md

### Agent/Collector

> The Service SIG meets every other week on [Wednesday at 2 PM PT](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?eid=Mmc5Z2w5anJncmFtNWFsOWVrZXVpc2RiaHRfMjAxOTA3MDNUMjEwMDAwWiBnb29nbGUuY29tX2I3OWUzZTkwajdiYnNhMm4ycDVhbjVsZjYwQGc&ctz=America/Los_Angeles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Service SIG meets every Wednesday, alternating between [9 AM and 2 PM PT](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?eid=Mmc5Z2w5anJncmFtNWFsOWVrZXVpc2RiaHRfMjAxOTA3MDNUMjEwMDAwWiBnb29nbGUuY29tX2I3OWUzZTkwajdiYnNhMm4ycDVhbjVsZjYwQGc&ctz=America/Los_Angeles).
```
